
---
# Week 4-5
---
## Assignment 6:

# Proofreading and Revising Our Peers' Posts

This week's assignment focused on improving the quality of posts made by the members of OSSD. In particular, I was paired up with Jimmy, and Iftikhar with whom we decided the rotation of proof-reading needing to be done.  This assignment was relatively easy beside the miss-communication and confusion which I am partially at fault for. I miss-understood what my fellow group mate stated in which I responded hastily; consequently, I was reminded by my own hubris to ask for clarification in the future rather than assume I understood the content, assignment, and the responses from my fellow group mates. Furthermore, I will try my best to put more effort into making sure I clearly understand the point being conveyed rather than assume my interpretation is correct. In any event the handling of the project's main focus, forking/merging, the process was relatively simple.I did not have to search online for assistance since the material to me was rudimentary if you have used git moderately, and followed the instructions in the assignment. However, I do believe that more detail could of helped those who were confused by the assignment and how to implement forking and such (While the assignment is detailed, it should focus more on an actual example rather than a general equation on how to achieve the goal).I believe adding pictures of an actual merging attempt using a dummy fork would of been very useful in the future regarding individuals new to forking/merging (Me for example). Personally, I believe I should put more effort into my posts as it was clear that I put too little effort into grammar, syntax, and subject verb agreement. I hope this post reflects a better view of my abilities. 
