
# Week 11
---

## December 12, [Assignment 13](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/cs_ossd/assignments/assignment_13_licenses.pdf): Licenses.

# Software Licenses
### Differences Between GNU Public Licenses 
- The GNU General Public License
> Using this license for a library makes it available only for free/non-monitzed applications
- The GNU Lesser General Public License
> Using this license for a library permits use of the library in proprietary applications
- The GNU Affero General Public License
> This license is based on the GNU GPL, but has an additional term to allow users who interact with the licensed software over a network to receive the source for that application

### What Distinguishes the GPLs, Apache and Mozilla licenses?
- GNU General Public License is a copyleft license for software and other works  
- Apache License ia free software license compatible with GNU GPL V 3.0 but not V 2.0 due to This is a result of the fact that some requirements are not met in the GPL version, specifically that there are certain patent terminations previsions. In other words individuals are allowed to use the applications under the License as long as no one is legally reprimanded.  
- Mozilla Public License (MPL) is a free software license that is compatible with GNU GPL V 2.0 and is used under the circumstance that the files that were originally licenses under MPL should remain so even if derived. Thereby resulting in dual licenses under MPL and GNU GPL  

### What is Copyleft?
- Copyleft is a general method for making a program free software and requiring all modified and extended versions of the program to be free software as well.
- Copyleft says that anyone who redistributes the software, with or without changes, must pass along the freedom to further copy and change it. Copyleft guarantees that every use has access to use it freely.

### What is permissive?
- A "permissive" license is simply a non-copyleft open source license — one that guarantees the freedoms to use, modify, and redistribute, but that permits proprietary derivative works. Thereby resulting in the distrubtion of modified and or derivative work. 

### Creative Commons Licenses and Software 
- Creative Commons licenses are not ideal for use with software because they do not contain specific terms about the distribution
of source code, which is often important in ensuring the freedom to use and modify said software. Also, Creative Commons(CC)
licenses are currently not compatible with the major software licenses, so trying to integrate work that has a CC license with
other free software may become rather difficult.
