
---
# Week 7
---
## Assignment 7/8:

# Readings on Open Source Material/Git-Exercise 2.
 # Assignment 7
1. A Beginner's Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source by Shubheksha Jalan - 
The first thing that interested me about the article was the fact that the author had been attempting to contribute to open source for two years; however, it is clear that the way a project owner/manager responds to individuals sets the standard of willingness to accept help. This is exceptionally true when someone feels that ".. I was bumping into a closed environment in the world of open source". The advice given by the author and their story is very supporting to hear as an individual that will have to contribute to an open source project in the near future. I hope to be able to ask the right questions, accept gaps in my knowledge, and find a project where I can get my hands dirty. 

2. How to Contribute to Open Source Without Coding by Craig Buchek - 
Craig Buchek indeed has made a list that is very comprehensive and very insightful in regards to contributing to FOSS. While a significant amount of the ways suggested to contributing are personally not what I am focused on doing, I will at one point or another be put into a situation where I have to contribute as much as possible, and or it is beneficial to contribute these smaller pieces that make up the total size. 

3. GitHub's Guide to How to Contribute to Open Source (uncredited) -
This is a very detailed "dummy" guide on how to contribute to open source. It helps the reader understand the positions they may be in, what their options are to contribute, and in what fashion to do so. Not only is the article highly detailed, it includes check lists for the reader to use to help determine whether a project is going to be something they can, or even should contribute to, and of course the best comment of all _Above all, keep it classy._.

4. In the book Producing Open Source Software, 2nd edition by Karl Fogel -
Last but not least, the pro git book. This chapter on version control, flow control, head, master, and pointing to specific branches was especially helpful when working on assignment 6. I believe this book to be a great combination on in-depth explanation of important concepts with a great visualization to support it. 10/10
 
 # Assignment 8
