
---
# Week 8-9
---
## Assignment 10:

# Assignment 10: Project Evaluation
## November 1st, [Assignment 10](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/cs_ossd/assignments/assignment_10_project_evaluation.pdf): Project Evaluation

# Quantum GIS (updated on 10/27/2018)

### 1. High Level Project Evaluation Criteria
  * Is it open source?
      * Yes
  * What is its license? Does the license allow for forks and modifications?
      * It has [GNU General Public License](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/user_manual/appendices/appendices.html#gnu-general-public-license) and [GNU Free Documentation License](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/user_manual/appendices/appendices.html#gnu-free-documentation-license)
        
  * How active is this project? Are people actively submitting issues and are people closing issues in a
timely manner?
      * This is a very active project, as far as I can see. People are actively submitting issues, having pull requests looked at, and being merged. 
  * How welcoming does the community seem? Are people friendly in the issue discussions, the discussion
forum, and chat? 
      * The issue discussion on [issues.qgis.org](https://issues.qgis.org/projects/qgis/issues) seems to be semi-active (Example of active chat: https://issues.qgis.org/issues/20276). However, they have a great discussions of [Pull Requests on GitHub](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pulls). The [IRC discussion](http://irclogs.geoapt.com/qgis/) also seens very helpful and friendy 
  * How easy is it to find information about contributing to the project? Are there clear guides and
documentation that can help someone who wants to contribute? Are there written guides about rules
of conduct, for example? In short, is it an inviting project?
      * There are guides: [guides](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/developers_guide/index.html) for anything you may need. They explain in quite the amount of detail regarding function naming, and class utilization. 
  * What programming languages are used in the project?
      *  C++, Python
  * What is the development environment, and how hard is it to download and install it?
      *  IDE is QtCreator. Seems simple enough to install, Their guide [*Getting up and running with QtCreator and QGIS*](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/developers_guide/qtcreator.html#setting-your-run-environment) and [*Getting Started*](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/user_manual/introduction/getting_started.html) include information on how to install the environment.
  * How hard is it to understand the project code? Is it a large code base?
      * Relatively simple, they have `.h` and `.cpp` files always in pairs, the `.h` is well documented, and `.cpp` is very clear: the variables, classes, etc. are named appropriately, the code is understandable!  
  * Does the project depend on external additional software modules such as database or graphics libraries?
      * No, it looks like that you don't need anything other than QGIS and QtCreateor.
  * How much does one need to know about the domain of the application in order to understand the
code? For example, if it is a health-related application, how much medical or biological background
would a contributor need?
      *  It's focused on user's interface and visualization.
  * How complicated is the code and how large is it?
      * It is a large project; however, given time the projects scope of understanding can be gained.
  * How mature is the project? Is it very new, or has it been around for a long time? Does it have a stable
release yet?
      * This project originated in 2002, and it has already released version 2.18 as of today. It is quite mature.
  * Is the project interesting and/or exciting to you?
      * Most projects are interesting/excite me; however, I believe this one will be the easiest to work with thus far. 
  
### 2. Specific Questions

#### 2.1 Finding the Project License
  * What is the project’s license?
      * It has [GNU General Public License](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/user_manual/appendices/appendices.html#gnu-general-public-license) and [GNU Free Documentation License](https://docs.qgis.org/2.18/en/docs/user_manual/appendices/appendices.html#gnu-free-documentation-license)
  
#### 2.2 Assessing Activity
  * When was the last commit?
      * October 27, 2018
  * How many contributors does the project have?
      * 289 (Not counting Documentation and Website contributors)
  * How often do people commit?
      * Often per day
  * How many open issues are there?
      * 13901 from [issues.qgis.org](https://issues.qgis.org/projects/qgis/issues)
  * Do maintainers respond quickly to issues when they are opened?
      * Mostly, there are some issues with no comments thus far.
  * Is there active discussion on the issues?
      * There is somewhat active discussion within the issues; however, there are some with more and some with less. 
  * Are the issues recent?
      * Yes, the last one was updated on 2018-10-31.
  * Are issues getting closed?
      * Yes, regularly. The last one was closed on 2018-10-31.
  * How many open pull requests are there?
      * 43 [Pull Requests](https://issues.qgis.org/projects/qgis/issues?c%5B%5D=tracker&c%5B%5D=status&c%5B%5D=priority&c%5B%5D=subject&c%5B%5D=assigned_to&c%5B%5D=updated_on&f%5B%5D=status_id&f%5B%5D=cf_8&f%5B%5D=&group_by=&op%5Bcf_8%5D=%3D&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=o&per_page=50&set_filter=1&utf8=%E2%9C%93&v%5Bcf_8%5D%5B%5D=1) 
  * Do maintainers respond quickly to pull requests when they are opened?
      * Yes, almost always.
  * Is there active discussion on the pull requests?
      * Yes, almost everywhere. People even add lables and other minor commits.
  * Are the pull requests recent?
      * Yes, the last one was updated on 2018-10-31.
  * How recently were any pull requests merged?
      * Yes, the last one was merged on 2018-10-31. [Closed Pull Requests that Affect QGIS Ver](https://issues.qgis.org/projects/qgis/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&set_filter=1&f%5B%5D=status_id&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=c&f%5B%5D=cf_8&op%5Bcf_8%5D=%3D&v%5Bcf_8%5D%5B%5D=1&f%5B%5D=cf_9&op%5Bcf_9%5D=%3D&v%5Bcf_9%5D%5B%5D=3.5%28master%29&f%5B%5D=&c%5B%5D=tracker&c%5B%5D=status&c%5B%5D=priority&c%5B%5D=subject&c%5B%5D=assigned_to&c%5B%5D=updated_on&group_by=)
  
#### 2.3 Assessing the Welcomeness
  * Do the maintainers respond helpfully to questions in issues? Are responses generally constructive?
      * Generally their responses are decently constructive. 
  * Are people friendly in the issues, discussion forum, and chat?
      * They seem helpful/interested in trying to help.
  * Do pull requests get reviewed?
      * Yes
  * Do maintainers thank people for their contributions?
      * Minimally. 
 
