## First weekly blog


https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/FrancisXIrizarry/history

Not much information need be said here now. There were a few locations that I noticed that were not updated. I considered adding a few extra details but without an exact position I felt that was not a smart decision; therefore, until I visit those spots again with my phone I will leave the other spots as they are. Additionally, it seems that they don't have much information regarding smaller stores in this area, nor do they realize that there are some food joints nearby. I will make edits regarding this tomorrow.


## Assignment 2 - Readings on History and Context

The objective of the second assignment was to delve into the focus of open source. I was informed to read three different articles regarding open source software, how to succeed and the development styles. The readings were the following: 
1. Chapter 1 of Producing Open Source Software: How to Run a Successful Free Software Project by Karl Fogel 
2. The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric Raymond 
3. Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software by Richard Stallman 

Thereafter, the following questions were given. 
* What are three of the most significant things that Richard Stallman has done to advance the rise of
the free and open source software movement?
  1. I believe the first most significant thing was the fact that he launched the operating system GNU in 1984, to help promote the idea of freedom to the users. To supplement that act he founded the Free Software Foundation in 1985, this was to help push the idea of users being able to improve their systems in a way that benefited all, which follows the model of the Bazzar. 
  2. During the period when began to focus on creating an open source environment for developers and users he created the General Public License which guaranteed that any work, derivate or otherwise of an open source project should and would remain open source. The license also allowed a multitude of individuals to copy and redistribute the original code as long as the same implications were implied. This created a bigger space of open development and ensured that open development could be a viable space. 
  3. He developed GNU emacs (text editor) and the GNU Compiler (Collections). Additionally, he made sure to continuously speak openly about the need for the open source community and how to improve it through licensing and projects. 

* Eric Raymond identied several key principles in the development of an open source project. Name
the two that strike you as being particularly insightful or signicant.
  * To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.
  
    __A good amount of the time people will be forced to try to solve a problem that they themselves find neither intersting nor important which in turn causes their work to most likely not be their best. What Eric is suggesting is that you should always, to the best of your ability, focus on something you are interested in because then you know you are putting your all. You know that you want to see this problem through, and you will put the effort to do so.__
  
  * Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse). 
  
    __People often fall into two catagories generally when it comes to programming. They either want to build something from the ground up because they will know how to use it and how it works, and the other usually wants to just use tools given to them. However, this a niche third group that falls inbetween both. Eric is referring to the programmers who know when they have to build a part of something but can use a significant chunk of well desgined work, and they know when to not touch something beyond usuablilty as it was designed well in itself. Good programmers focus on solving the problem ahead of them mostly on their own, great programmers know how to solve the problem by thinking of others and themselves.__
