---
# Week 9-10
---
## Review Blog

# Week Evaluation

At the current time of writing this, I had not done much activity regarding open-source development nor towards any major goals in my classes. 
I did spend my time finalizing my position in which project I would prefer to on, and with whom I am happy to work with. I am currently very happy with my choice and will be spending the time between this post and the next setting up said project environment.
Otherwise, My classes have been moderately fine. Average grades in my classes with the amount of effort I have put in thus far is moderately fair, and subsequently enough to almost guarantee passage to the end goal of a degree. I will however try to focus on improvement towards the end of the semester to ensure that I do not lower my standards and ensure a decent overall success for the semester. 
Additionally I have come to more realization of how the students in the computer science major function, and how the general interactions between individuals spans from usefulness and or usability. This is especially apparent in my database class which shows a clear attraction of individuals of equal mind set or desire to be around those they consider "quality enough". Consequently I focused on individuals to work with who were willing to not have the desire to be perceived as better than their peers, and to not gloat regarding their accomplishments which I appreciate and recognize, in which, I suspect this group will have a far better time working as a group than the machines other groups have developed under the assumption that skill is everything whilst they themselves lack any form of interest nor consideration for their peers. While I do appreciate skill, I would rather have a hard working average programmer than a semi-smart, arrogant, prideful, and smug programmer any day. I do not know where I truly land in the spectrum; however, I know for a fact that I love working with people who know they can do better without trying to make themselves seem better than those around them. 
