
# Week 11
---

## November 28st, [Assignment 12](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/cs_ossd/assignments/assignment_12_bug_fixing.pdf): Bug Triage

This will not be an extensive post. In regards to the articles I found them insightful; however, I don't intend to do an intensive summary of them currently. Furthermore to briefly explain bug triage: 

Triaging a bug generally means the following: 
1) Letting the user know that someone has looked at it  
2) Looking for other similar bugs  
3) Guaranteeing proper severity and/or priority
4) Ensuring that the bug is sensible and helpful to developers 
5) Ensuring that the bug is filed against the correct component, with the correct version  

The bug I chose is the following: [Column Size Inaccurate](https://bugs.launchpad.net/calibre/+bug/1805667). "If a book contains multiple files and formats, the size column only shows the size of the biggest of them, while it should show the sum of the sizes of all the files."  

My suggestion would be "I assume there is a data structure that holds these data sets; therefore, the easiest solution would be to be use the innate functionality of the data structure to sum all the objects. Alternatively, just write a function to keep track of the accumulative size of them. 



As for the bug my group as has focused on currently is [Newline-Bug](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/2967). While the technical work regarding fixing the general issue of how C++ compilers function regarding newlines being created pre run-time and during run-time. This particular bug has been quite annoying to deal with as while the solution my group developed has technically fixed the issue, it has created another one as the way Godot handles saving data is still unknown. It seems despite not changing the variable from the input from the user, the program is designed to still take the "tooltip" provided during run-time from the engine itself instead of the variable saved within the code. Example being when converting from Hello\nWorld (Pre Run-Time, and intentional to save space) to Hello (New Line) World (Run-Time) the Engine displays this correctly; however, upon restart instead of the tool-tip showing Hello\nWorld in the tool-tip post run-time instead the code saved data provided in the Run-time engine which should not occur. If you are thinking why not change the value a different way we have tried that, the result was the engine crashing upon trying to instead \n pre-run time as since it is constantly running the engine did not handle consistant checking of whether every \ has a n after it. ESPECIALLY since their method of insert was so terrible since they designed their own String, Vector, CharString Classes that the alternative solution was either 1) Insert real string class (Nope), or 2) Substring the data and add new line in appropriate locations. My group and I will look into this more; however, I am tired. That is all for now. 
