---
# Week 2
---
## Assignment 2:

# Assignment 3: Reading about Wikipedia

  * Was the author treated fairly? 
    I believe the author ("Running for Office is Hard When You have a Porn Star’s Name. This Makes it Worse" by Annalisa Merelli on Quartz) was put between a rock and hard place in this circumstance. They were trying to create a solution to a problem that most definitely existed; however, they did not take into account the rules sets that were put in place. A solution from wikipedia's side would of simply had been putting more effort into researching the individual in question by asking those who were trying to make the page for more detail. A solution from the author's side would of been to have provided this information in the first place by asking a higher staff member prior to even starting this whether it was possible, and if not what would need to be done to make it possible. 
  *  Is the definition of notability reasonable? 
   * The definition provided by wikipedia's page regarding notability in theory is fine; however, the problem was not the definition but rather those in charge in deciding what the threshold line is, and where it ends. The definition required an indiviudal to have been mentioned beyond their own works, and to have at least made a small impact that is still somewhat significant. 
    1. Wiki: No subject is automatically or inherently notable merely because it exists: The evidence must show the topic has gained significant independent coverage or recognition, and that this was not a mere short-term interest, nor a result of promotional activity or indiscriminate publicity, nor is the topic unsuitable for any other reason. Sources of evidence include recognized peer-reviewed publications, credible and authoritative books, reputable media sources, and other reliable sources generally.
    Therefore, given that Cruz did indeed have multiple __small__ impacts that can still be seen today the editors __should__ of came to a majority position of allowing the page. 
  * Were the editors justified in banning her when she violated the code of behavior?
    Of course they were justified in banner her because she broke their TOS; however, they helped fuel the situation that got her to violate the code. While Annalisa should not have violated Wikipedia's TOS she did so with the intention of good manner; however, punishment on any private company's ground is issued as desired as soon as the violation is found. However, Wikipedia's staff should of recogonized their part of this dibocle and instead could of issued a single warning regarding the breaking of the TOS. 
